[HEXATE]: Ira
[chanting] Ira Ira!
[IRA]: Right. It’s happening. I have got to move this shit around.
[HEXATE]: Ira?
What are you doing Ira?
[IRA]: It’s got to go. This – look. Sick of it.
I just need it to be - not this anymore.
[HEXATE]: Are you tired Ira?
[IRA]: No.
[HEXATE]: You don’t miss sleep?
[IRA]: I’m not tired.
For fucks sake!
[Sudden loud knock]
[HOUSEMATE]: [Shouting] OI IRA! Go to sleep!
[HEXATE]: You seem a little agitated Ira
Jumpy... Anger, or...
Was it the banging of his fist on your door?
Familiar…
[snickering] What do you call a girl who hasn’t slept in days?
[IRA]: I’m going for a walk.
[HEXATE]: Try again
That sort of attention seeking won’t help
What do you say?
What do you call a girl who hasn’t slept in days?